Docs: Add pie chart docs (#31926)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/visualizations/panel-legend.md

+++
title = "Panel legend options"
weight = 50
+++

# Legend

You can use the legend adjust how a visualization displays series.

> This applies to the following visualizations:

Reviewer: Move this to line 8. There is no need for a separate line.

> This applies to the following visualizations:

Author: I was kind of hoping @dprokop would expand on my anemic intro. :P

- [Pie chart v2 panel]({{< relref "pie-chart-panel.md">}})
- [Time series panel]({{< relref "time-series/_index.md" >}})

## Toggle series

> Click on the series label in the legend to isolate the series in the visualization. All other series are hidden in the visualization. The data of the hidden series is still accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To toggle a series:
Click on the series label in the legend to isolate the series in the visualization. 
All other series are hidden in the visualization. The data of the hidden series is still accessible.
```

> Cmd/Ctrl+click on the series label to hide the clicked series and remove the toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Cmd/Ctrl+click on the series label to hide the isolated series and remove the toggle.
```
